library_ID	sample_name	title	library_strategy	library_source	library_selection	library_layout	platform	instrument_model	design_description	filetype	filename	filename2
plate_1_AAACATCG	1_2_5_plate1_AAACATCG	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAAACATCGTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAAACATCGTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AACAACCA	?ID_2_plate1_AACAACCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAACAACCATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAACAACCATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AACCGAGA	1_3_2_plate1_AACCGAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAACCGAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAACCGAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AACGAACG	17_7_3_plate1_AACGAACG	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAACGAACGTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAACGAACGTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AACGCTTA	12_2_2_plate1_AACGCTTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAACGCTTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAACGCTTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AACGTGAT	14_7_5_plate1_AACGTGAT	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAACGTGATTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAACGTGATTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AAGACGGA	14_5_2_plate1_AAGACGGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAAGACGGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAAGACGGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AAGAGATC	19_x_2_plate1_AAGAGATC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAAGAGATCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAAGAGATCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AAGGACAC	4_1_1_plate1_AAGGACAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAAGGACACTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAAGGACACTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AAGGTACA	15_1_1_plate1_AAGGTACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAAGGTACATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAAGGTACATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AATCCGTC	4_4_1_plate1_AATCCGTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAATCCGTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAATCCGTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AATGTTGC	1_2_2_plate1_AATGTTGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAATGTTGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAATGTTGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACACAGAA	16_2_3_plate1_ACACAGAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACACAGAATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACACAGAATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACACGAGA	17_8_6_plate1_ACACGAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACACGAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACACGAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACACTGAC	11_1_1_plate1_ACACTGAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACACTGACTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACACTGACTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACAGATTC	14_2_5_plate1_ACAGATTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACAGATTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACAGATTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACAGCAGA	17_2_4_plate1_ACAGCAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACAGCAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACAGCAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACATTGGC	12_1_1_plate1_ACATTGGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACATTGGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACATTGGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACCACTGT	14_4_5_plate1_ACCACTGT	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACCACTGTTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACCACTGTTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACCTCCAA	17_5_4_plate1_ACCTCCAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACCTCCAATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACCTCCAATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACGACAAG	17_9_1_plate1_ACGACAAG	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACGACAAGTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACGACAAGTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACGCTCGA	17_7_4_plate1_ACGCTCGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACGCTCGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACGCTCGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACGTATCA	18_x_2_plate1_ACGTATCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACGTATCATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACGTATCATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ACTATGCA	2_2_plate1_ACTATGCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGACTATGCATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGACTATGCATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AGATCGCA	1_1_1_plate1_AGATCGCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAGATCGCATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAGATCGCATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AGATGTAC	14_7_2_plate1_AGATGTAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAGATGTACTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAGATGTACTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AGCACCTC	15_1_4_plate1_AGCACCTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAGCACCTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAGCACCTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AGCAGGAA	1_3_4_plate1_AGCAGGAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAGCAGGAATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAGCAGGAATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AGCCATGC	17_10_3_plate1_AGCCATGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAGCCATGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAGCCATGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AGGCTAAC	17_4_4_plate1_AGGCTAAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAGGCTAACTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAGGCTAACTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AGTACAAG	17_9_5_plate1_AGTACAAG	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAGTACAAGTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAGTACAAGTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AGTCAAGC	14_3_3_plate1_AGTCAAGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAGTCAAGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAGTCAAGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AGTCACTA	12_2_3_plate1_AGTCACTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAGTCACTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAGTCACTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_AGTGGTCA	4_10_3_plate1_AGTGGTCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGAGTGGTCATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGAGTGGTCATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ATAGCGAC	17_6_4_plate1_ATAGCGAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGATAGCGACTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGATAGCGACTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ATCCTGTA	14_5_4_plate1_ATCCTGTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGATCCTGTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGATCCTGTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ATGCCTAA	17_5_1_plate1_ATGCCTAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGATGCCTAATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGATGCCTAATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ATTGAGGA	15_1_2_plate1_ATTGAGGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGATTGAGGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGATTGAGGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_ATTGGCTC	2_1_1_plate1_ATTGGCTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGATTGGCTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGATTGGCTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CAACCACA	16_2_5_plate1_CAACCACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCAACCACATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCAACCACATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CAAGACTA	17_2_5_plate1_CAAGACTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCAAGACTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCAAGACTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CAAGGAGC	4_1_3_plate1_CAAGGAGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCAAGGAGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCAAGGAGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CAATGGAA	17_5_5_plate1_CAATGGAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCAATGGAATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCAATGGAATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CACCTTAC	4_4_2_plate1_CACCTTAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCACCTTACTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCACCTTACTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CACTTCGA	17_8_2_plate1_CACTTCGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCACTTCGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCACTTCGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CAGATCTG	17_2_3_plate1_CAGATCTG	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCAGATCTGTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCAGATCTGTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CAGCGTTA	18_x_3_plate1_CAGCGTTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCAGCGTTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCAGCGTTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CATACCAA	3_1_2_plate1_CATACCAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCATACCAATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCATACCAATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CATCAAGT	2_1_3_plate1_CATCAAGT	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCATCAAGTTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCATCAAGTTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CCAGTTCA	4_2_1_plate1_CCAGTTCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCCAGTTCATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCCAGTTCATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CCATCCTC	1_2_4_plate1_CCATCCTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCCATCCTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCCATCCTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CCGAAGTA	1_1_3_plate1_CCGAAGTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCCGAAGTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCCGAAGTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CCGACAAC	11_1_3_plate1_CCGACAAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCCGACAACTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCCGACAACTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CCGTGAGA	1_3_6_plate1_CCGTGAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCCGTGAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCCGTGAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CCTCCTGA	12_2_4_plate1_CCTCCTGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCCTCCTGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCCTCCTGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CCTCTATC	14_7_4_plate1_CCTCTATC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCCTCTATCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCCTCTATCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CGAACTTA	14_5_6_plate1_CGAACTTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCGAACTTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCGAACTTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CGACACAC	16_1_3_plate1_CGACACAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCGACACACTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCGACACACTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CGACTGGA	15_1_3_plate1_CGACTGGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCGACTGGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCGACTGGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CGCATACA	17_1_1_plate1_CGCATACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCGCATACATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCGCATACATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CGCTGATC	16_1_5_plate1_CGCTGATC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCGCTGATCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCGCTGATCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CGGATTGC	17_2_1_plate1_CGGATTGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCGGATTGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCGGATTGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CTAAGGTC	17_4_5_plate1_CTAAGGTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCTAAGGTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCTAAGGTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CTCAATGA	17_3_2_plate1_CTCAATGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCTCAATGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCTCAATGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CTGAGCCA	17_6_1_plate1_CTGAGCCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCTGAGCCATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCTGAGCCATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_CTGGCATA	17_8_4_plate1_CTGGCATA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGCTGGCATATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGCTGGCATATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GAACAGGC	17_7_1_plate1_GAACAGGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGAACAGGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGAACAGGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GAATCTGA	18_x_5_plate1_GAATCTGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGAATCTGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGAATCTGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GACAGTGC	17_9_4_plate1_GACAGTGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGACAGTGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGACAGTGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GACTAGTA	3_1_5_plate1_GACTAGTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGACTAGTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGACTAGTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GAGCTGAA	4_2_3_plate1_GAGCTGAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGAGCTGAATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGAGCTGAATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GAGTTAGC	2_1_2_plate1_GAGTTAGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGAGTTAGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGAGTTAGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GATAGACA	1_1_5_plate1_GATAGACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGATAGACATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGATAGACATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GATGAATC	4_10_1_plate1_GATGAATC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGATGAATCTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGATGAATCTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GCCAAGAC	4_4_3_plate1_GCCAAGAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGCCAAGACTGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGCCAAGACTGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GCCACATA	1_4_5_plate1_GCCACATA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGCCACATATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGCCACATATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GCGAGTAA	14_1_2_plate1_GCGAGTAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGCGAGTAATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGCGAGTAATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GCTAACGA	14_6_3_plate1_GCTAACGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGCTAACGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGCTAACGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GCTCGGTA	15_2_2_plate1_GCTCGGTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGCTCGGTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGCTCGGTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GGAGAACA	17_1_2_plate1_GGAGAACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGGAGAACATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGGAGAACATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GGTGCGAA	17_3_3_plate1_GGTGCGAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGGTGCGAATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGGTGCGAATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GTACGCAA	17_6_2_plate1_GTACGCAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGTACGCAATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGTACGCAATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GTCGTAGA	17_8_5_plate1_GTCGTAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGTCGTAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGTCGTAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GTCTGTCA	19_x_1_plate1_GTCTGTCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGTCTGTCATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGTCTGTCATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_GTGTTCTA	3_7_14_plate1_GTGTTCTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGGTGTTCTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGGTGTTCTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_TAGGATGA	14_3_6_plate1_TAGGATGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGTAGGATGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGTAGGATGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_TATCAGCA	1_2_1_plate1_TATCAGCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGTATCAGCATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGTATCAGCATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_TCCGTCTA	1_4_x_plate1_TCCGTCTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGTCCGTCTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGTCCGTCTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_TCTTCACA	14_2_1_plate1_TCTTCACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGTCTTCACATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGTCTTCACATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_TGAAGAGA	14_6_4_plate1_TGAAGAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGTGAAGAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGTGAAGAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_TGGAACAA	15_2_4_plate1_TGGAACAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGTGGAACAATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGTGGAACAATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_TGGCTTCA	17_10_2_plate1_TGGCTTCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGTGGCTTCATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGTGGCTTCATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_TGGTGGTA	17_4_3_plate1_TGGTGGTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGTGGTGGTATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGTGGTGGTATGCAG.fastq
plate_1_TTCACGCA	17_6_3_plate1_TTCACGCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RA_GGTTCACGCATGCAG.fastq	plate_1rad_split_out_RB_GGTTCACGCATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AAACATCG	5_3_2_plate2_AAACATCG	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAAACATCGTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAAACATCGTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AACAACCA	4_6_1_plate2_AACAACCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAACAACCATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAACAACCATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AACCGAGA	5_4_1_plate2_AACCGAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAACCGAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAACCGAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AACGAACG	E_9_1_plate2_AACGAACG	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAACGAACGTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAACGAACGTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AACGCTTA	7_1_5_plate2_AACGCTTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAACGCTTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAACGCTTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AACGTGAT	9_1_4_plate2_AACGTGAT	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAACGTGATTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAACGTGATTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AAGACGGA	8_1_4_plate2_AAGACGGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAAGACGGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAAGACGGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AAGAGATC	M_95_plate2_AAGAGATC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAAGAGATCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAAGAGATCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AAGGACAC	M_194_plate2_AAGGACAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAAGGACACTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAAGGACACTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AAGGTACA	9_2_2_plate2_AAGGTACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAAGGTACATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAAGGTACATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AATCCGTC	M_62_plate2_AATCCGTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAATCCGTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAATCCGTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AATGTTGC	4_8_2a_plate2_AATGTTGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAATGTTGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAATGTTGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACAAGCTA	4_5_2_plate2_ACAAGCTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACAAGCTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACAAGCTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACACAGAA	E_11_1_plate2_ACACAGAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACACAGAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACACAGAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACACGAGA	18E_plate2_ACACGAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACACGAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACACGAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACACTGAC	6_x_1_plate2_ACACTGAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACACTGACTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACACTGACTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACAGATTC	7_4_3_plate2_ACAGATTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACAGATTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACAGATTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACAGCAGA	E_14_2_plate2_ACAGCAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACAGCAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACAGCAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACATTGGC	7_1_2_plate2_ACATTGGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACATTGGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACATTGGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACCACTGT	8_1_1_plate2_ACCACTGT	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACCACTGTTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACCACTGTTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACCTCCAA	E_6_4_plate2_ACCTCCAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACCTCCAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACCTCCAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACGACAAG	M_45_plate2_ACGACAAG	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACGACAAGTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACGACAAGTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACGCTCGA	E_9_3_plate2_ACGCTCGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACGCTCGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACGCTCGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACGTATCA	M_61_plate2_ACGTATCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACGTATCATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACGTATCATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ACTATGCA	M_130_plate2_ACTATGCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGACTATGCATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGACTATGCATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AGAGTCAA	M_52_plate2_AGAGTCAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAGAGTCAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAGAGTCAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AGATCGCA	4_6_4_plate2_AGATCGCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAGATCGCATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAGATCGCATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AGATGTAC	9_1_2_plate2_AGATGTAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAGATGTACTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAGATGTACTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AGCACCTC	9_4_1_plate2_AGCACCTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAGCACCTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAGCACCTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AGCAGGAA	5_4_3_plate2_AGCAGGAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAGCAGGAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAGCAGGAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AGCCATGC	E_13_3_plate2_AGCCATGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAGCCATGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAGCCATGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AGGCTAAC	E_5_3_plate2_AGGCTAAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAGGCTAACTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAGGCTAACTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AGTACAAG	M_56_plate2_AGTACAAG	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAGTACAAGTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAGTACAAGTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AGTCAAGC	7_4_4_plate2_AGTCAAGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAGTCAAGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAGTCAAGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AGTCACTA	7_14_2_plate2_AGTCACTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAGTCACTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAGTCACTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_AGTGGTCA	M_47_plate2_AGTGGTCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGAGTGGTCATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGAGTGGTCATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ATAGCGAC	E_8_2_plate2_ATAGCGAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGATAGCGACTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGATAGCGACTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ATCCTGTA	8_2_2_plate2_ATCCTGTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGATCCTGTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGATCCTGTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ATGCCTAA	E_6_2_plate2_ATGCCTAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGATGCCTAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGATGCCTAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ATTGAGGA	9_2_3_plate2_ATTGAGGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGATTGAGGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGATTGAGGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_ATTGGCTC	M_102_plate2_ATTGGCTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGATTGGCTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGATTGGCTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CAACCACA	E_11_4_plate2_CAACCACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCAACCACATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCAACCACATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CAAGACTA	E_14_3_plate2_CAAGACTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCAAGACTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCAAGACTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CAAGGAGC	M_195_plate2_CAAGGAGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCAAGGAGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCAAGGAGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CAATGGAA	E_7_2_plate2_CAATGGAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCAATGGAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCAATGGAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CACCTTAC	M_66_plate2_CACCTTAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCACCTTACTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCACCTTACTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CACTTCGA	E_9_4_plate2_CACTTCGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCACTTCGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCACTTCGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CAGATCTG	E_14_1_plate2_CAGATCTG	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCAGATCTGTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCAGATCTGTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CAGCGTTA	M_65_plate2_CAGCGTTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCAGCGTTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCAGCGTTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CATACCAA	M_157_plate2_CATACCAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCATACCAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCATACCAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CATCAAGT	M_129_plate2_CATCAAGT	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCATCAAGTTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCATCAAGTTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CCAGTTCA	M_54_plate2_CCAGTTCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCCAGTTCATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCCAGTTCATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CCATCCTC	5_2_1_plate2_CCATCCTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCCATCCTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCCATCCTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CCGAAGTA	4_7_1_plate2_CCGAAGTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCCGAAGTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCCGAAGTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CCGACAAC	6_x_5_plate2_CCGACAAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCCGACAACTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCCGACAACTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CCGTGAGA	5_4_5_plate2_CCGTGAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCCGTGAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCCGTGAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CCTCCTGA	7_2_3_plate2_CCTCCTGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCCTCCTGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCCTCCTGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CCTCTATC	9_1_3_plate2_CCTCTATC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCCTCTATCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCCTCTATCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CGAACTTA	8_2_5_plate2_CGAACTTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCGAACTTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCGAACTTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CGACACAC	9_4_4_plate2_CGACACAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCGACACACTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCGACACACTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CGACTGGA	9_2_3_plate2_CGACTGGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCGACTGGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCGACTGGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CGCATACA	E_11_5_plate2_CGCATACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCGCATACATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCGCATACATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CGCTGATC	E_1_5_plate2_CGCTGATC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCGCTGATCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCGCTGATCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CGGATTGC	E_13_5_plate2_CGGATTGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCGGATTGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCGGATTGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CTAAGGTC	E_6_1_plate2_CTAAGGTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCTAAGGTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCTAAGGTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CTCAATGA	E_14_5_plate2_CTCAATGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCTCAATGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCTCAATGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CTGAGCCA	E_7_4_plate2_CTGAGCCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCTGAGCCATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCTGAGCCATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_CTGGCATA	E_9_5_plate2_CTGGCATA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGCTGGCATATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGCTGGCATATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GAACAGGC	E_8_4_plate2_GAACAGGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGAACAGGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGAACAGGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GAATCTGA	M_79_plate2_GAATCTGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGAATCTGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGAATCTGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GACAGTGC	M_48_plate2_GACAGTGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGACAGTGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGACAGTGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GACTAGTA	M_162_plate2_GACTAGTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGACTAGTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGACTAGTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GAGCTGAA	M_55_plate2_GAGCTGAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGAGCTGAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGAGCTGAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GAGTTAGC	M_128_plate2_GAGTTAGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGAGTTAGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGAGTTAGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GATAGACA	4_7_4_plate2_GATAGACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGATAGACATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGATAGACATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GATGAATC	M_204_plate2_GATGAATC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGATGAATCTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGATGAATCTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GCCAAGAC	M_73_plate2_GCCAAGAC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGCCAAGACTGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGCCAAGACTGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GCCACATA	5_5_5_plate2_GCCACATA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGCCACATATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGCCACATATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GCGAGTAA	7_2_4_plate2_GCGAGTAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGCGAGTAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGCGAGTAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GCTAACGA	8_3_3_plate2_GCTAACGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGCTAACGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGCTAACGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GCTCGGTA	9_2_4_plate2_GCTCGGTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGCTCGGTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGCTCGGTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GGAGAACA	E_12_3_plate2_GGAGAACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGGAGAACATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGGAGAACATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GGTGCGAA	E_2_5_plate2_GGTGCGAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGGTGCGAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGGTGCGAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GTACGCAA	E_7_5_plate2_GTACGCAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGTACGCAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGTACGCAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GTCGTAGA	FIT?_plate2_GTCGTAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGTCGTAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGTCGTAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GTCTGTCA	M_91_plate2_GTCTGTCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGTCTGTCATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGTCTGTCATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_GTGTTCTA	M_188_plate2_GTGTTCTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGGTGTTCTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGGTGTTCTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_TAGGATGA	M_60_plate2_TAGGATGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGTAGGATGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGTAGGATGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_TATCAGCA	4_8_1_plate2_TATCAGCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGTATCAGCATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGTATCAGCATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_TCCGTCTA	6_3_2_plate2_TCCGTCTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGTCCGTCTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGTCCGTCTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_TCTTCACA	7_3_4_plate2_TCTTCACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGTCTTCACATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGTCTTCACATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_TGAAGAGA	9_1_1_plate2_TGAAGAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGTGAAGAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGTGAAGAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_TGGAACAA	9_3_3_plate2_TGGAACAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGTGGAACAATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGTGGAACAATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_TGGCTTCA	E_13_2_plate2_TGGCTTCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGTGGCTTCATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGTGGCTTCATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_TGGTGGTA	E_3_1_plate2_TGGTGGTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGTGGTGGTATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGTGGTGGTATGCAG.fastq
plate_2_TTCACGCA	E_8_1_plate2_TTCACGCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RA_GGTTCACGCATGCAG.fastq	plate_2rad_split_out_RB_GGTTCACGCATGCAG.fastq
plate_3_AAACATCG	M_163_plate3_AAACATCG	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGAAACATCGTGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGAAACATCGTGCAG.fastq
plate_3_AACAACCA	M_89_plate3_AACAACCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGAACAACCATGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGAACAACCATGCAG.fastq
plate_3_AACCGAGA	M_164_plate3_AACCGAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGAACCGAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGAACCGAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_3_AATGTTGC	M_151_plate3_AATGTTGC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGAATGTTGCTGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGAATGTTGCTGCAG.fastq
plate_3_ACAAGCTA	M_74_plate3_ACAAGCTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGACAAGCTATGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGACAAGCTATGCAG.fastq
plate_3_AGATCGCA	M_93_plate3_AGATCGCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGAGATCGCATGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGAGATCGCATGCAG.fastq
plate_3_AGCAGGAA	M_184_plate3_AGCAGGAA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGAGCAGGAATGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGAGCAGGAATGCAG.fastq
plate_3_CCATCCTC	M_155_plate3_CCATCCTC	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGCCATCCTCTGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGCCATCCTCTGCAG.fastq
plate_3_CCGAAGTA	M_94_plate3_CCGAAGTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGCCGAAGTATGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGCCGAAGTATGCAG.fastq
plate_3_CCGTGAGA	M_192_plate3_CCGTGAGA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGCCGTGAGATGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGCCGTGAGATGCAG.fastq
plate_3_GATAGACA	M_100_plate3_GATAGACA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGGATAGACATGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGGATAGACATGCAG.fastq
plate_3_GCCACATA	M_198_plate3_GCCACATA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGGCCACATATGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGGCCACATATGCAG.fastq
plate_3_TATCAGCA	M_131_plate3_TATCAGCA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGTATCAGCATGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGTATCAGCATGCAG.fastq
plate_3_TCCGTCTA	M_203_plate3_TCCGTCTA	RAD-Seq of Danaus plexippus: Legs and wings, samples from Queensland, Australia	RAD-Seq	GENOMIC	Reduced Representation	paired	ILLUMINA	Illumina HiSeq 4000	RAD-Seq according to Ali et al. (2016)	fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RA_GGTCCGTCTATGCAG.fastq	plate_3rad_split_out_RB_GGTCCGTCTATGCAG.fastq
